Update AS/TS template files & fix typo in `start-with-rest`'s `getting-started.md` (#20)
apollographql/rover-init-starters: start-with-rest/getting-started.md

# Setup

1. Open `products.graphql` to take a look at your graph's starter schema. Ignore the comments labeled with a ✏️ for now, we’ll get to them later.

> 2. In the terminal, run the `rover dev` command shown under `Next steps` to start a development session. This gives you access to Apollo Sandbox—a local, in-browser GraphQL playground, where you can run GraphQL operations and test your API as you design it.

Reviewer: I think the `Next steps` we're talking about are a little unclear. How about:

```suggestion
2. In the terminal, run the `rover dev` command provided in the output of `rover init` under **Next steps**. The `dev` command starts a local development session and gives you access to Apollo Sandbox—a local, in-browser GraphQL playground, where you can run GraphQL operations and test your API as you design it.
```
